GIANCU FOCCACIA
trying to get recipe from here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIOcTgyuTIo 
liquid 50% of solid
600g flour 
25G yeast
1tsp honey (or malt activator)
75ml milk
250ml water
potato
200ml water/oil mixed


add honey, yeast milk and some room temp water mix and leave 
mix salt into flour and then add potato
dd 50 ml oil and the yeast into the flour and combine
add the rest of the water
knead until smooth. dough should be soft but not be wet
leave to rise until doubled
roll the dough out, oil a pan and put the dough in. 
leave to rise again
dimple it
cook




FROM SOME GUY WHO DID FAUSTO'S COURSE
http://cookingwithlarue.blogspot.com/2013/04/focaccia.html

300g russet potato
600g unbleached high gluten or bread flour
4 tsp freshly chopped rosemary (divided)
10g kosher or sea salt (more salt later)
1 tsp honey
2-3 tsp instant yeast
120ml + 120ml extra-virgin olive oil (divided)
1 tsp diastatic malt powder* (optional)
240ml room temperature water (divided)
3/4 C mixture half water and half olive oil



Combine 120ml water, yeast, malt powder and honey. Whisk together and allow it to sit until foamy – about 5 minutes. Add 4 Tb olive oil

Stir together flour and salt in a large mixing bowl. 

Add the yeast/oil mixture and remaining water and mix until it form a wet, sticky ball. 

Oil the dough, and put in a bowl, covered to rise until it doubles or more in volume, 1-2 hours.

Tip onto a floured surface, and wait 5 minutes for the dough to relax. 

Stretch out the dough to twice its size. Fold it over itself twice to return to a rectangular shape. Oil the dough and loosely cover with saran wrap, and let it rest 1 hour.

Line a baking sheet with paper and pour 60ml olive oil over the paper. Lift the dough off the counter and transfer it to the sheet pan, maintaining the rectangular shape as much as possible. 

Dimple the dough and spread it to fill the pan simultaneously. Loosely cover the pan with saran wrap and refrigerate the dough overnight.

Remove from the refrigerator, cover with Saran wrap and leave 3 hours before baking. 

Pre-heat oven to 250C. 

Pour 180ml water/oil mixture over the dough just before putting in the over

Bake until golden



MY ATTEMPT 1
25g yeast, 75g milk mixed with 50g water (mix temp 25C), 10g honey mixed and left 5 minutes
600g caputo cuoco flour mixed with 9g salt
add 50ml oil and 175g water to the yeast mix, then mix into the flour
knead to smooth, rise tou double, Roll out, place in oiled pan (35g oil), leave to rise again (no window pane during kneading)
Finger into the corners, cover with oil/water brine, sprinkle with sea salt and bake at 250C until golden

Didn't seem to have risen enough
Crumb had small pockets
Probably needed more brine - possibly just more water
I might have been slightly too aggressive with the holes - I pushed until i felt the bottom of the pan firmly
I cooked it much hotter than fausto suggested - 270C rather than 200C. Maybe thats why the top browned so quickly while the hoels were very raw - they should be soft and a bit creamy, but part of it was slightly too raw
