Citrus Salmon with Watercress Sauce
Ingredients
SALMON
600g Skinless Salmon Fillet
Zest of 1 orange 
Zest of 1 lemon
3 Tablespoons Salt 
2 Tablespoons Sugar 
l Tablespoon Freshly Ground White Pepper
200ml Olive Oil 
ORANGES
2 Oranges
100ml Water
80g Sugar
1/2 Teaspoon White Wine Vinegar
WATERCRESS SAUCE
150g Watercress (Rocket also works)
25g Butter
25g Finely Chopped Chives 
25g Lumpfish Roe (or Caviar, if you’re feeling rich!)
Method
Preparing the salmon:
Trim the edges of the salmon so that the whole piece is roughly the same thickness.  Combine the orange and lemon zest, sugar, salt and pepper in a bowl and mix well.  Completely cover the fish in the marinade and wrap it tightly in kitchen foil.  Put on a plate in the refrigerator with a second plate on top to squash it a little, and leave to marinate for 3 hours.  Remove the fish from the foil, rinse off the marinade and dry it with kitchen paper.  Cut into individual portions and return to the refrigerator.
Preparing the Oranges:
Cut the oranges into segments, and place in a bowl.  Boil the sugar and water in a saucepan to dissolve the sugar, then add the vinegar.  Pour the mixture over the oranges and leave to cool.
Preparing the Watercress Sauce:
Boil the watercress in salted water until tender (about 5 minutes), then drain and steep it in cold water to stop it cooking.  Place the watercress in a blender and blend to create a sauce - you may need to add a little water to help it blend.  Pass the sauce through a sieve if it seems a bit stringy.
To Complete
Place the pieces of salmon in one or more zip-lock bags along with the olive oil.  Squeeze all the air out of the zip lock bags and seal.  Fill a really big container (the bigger, the better) with water at 43°C and place the zip-lock bags in the water.  Check the water temperature after a couple of minutes, and if it’s gone down, add a little boiling water to bring it back up.  Leave to cook for 15 minutes (cooking longer won’t do any harm).  Remove the salmon, take it out of the bags and drain on kitchen paper.  It should still look raw but it will be cooked.
Meanwhile, bring the watercress sauce to a simmer, whisk in the butter and add salt to taste.  Warm the orange sections in the syrup and then drain them on kitchen paper. 
Spread the chives on a dish and press the tops of the salmon pieces in the chives to coat them.  Place orange sections in the center of each plate, spoon the sauce around the outside, and set the fish on top of the oranges.  Put a little fish roe on top.
Course?
Starter
Where?
Anywhere you have access to lots of hot water at around the right temperature to cook the fish...at some hot springs maybe, or in a neighbor's hot tub.
When?
This is good anytime, but if you’re going to use your neighbor's hot tub, i’d recommend doing it when they’re not at home.
With who?
People who aren’t suspicious of eating fish that looks raw.
Tips & Tricks
You can prepare everything up to a day in advance, then it’s really quick and easy to cook.
If you can’t be bothered making the sauce, you can just serve the watercress as a salad.