Salt Cod Pie
Search: Receita de Escondidinho de Bacalhau, or bacalhau purê de batatas
Basic Idea
Pie consisting of layers of Salt Cod, bechamel sauce, and potatoes.  Basic flavourings include onions, garlic, bay, pepper, parsley, nutmeg
Ingredients:
Recipe 1
Recipe 2
300g/11oz Salted Cod
Salted Cod 1.5 kg
300ml/10fl.oz. Milk
hot milk in sufficient quantity to cover the cod (at least 1.5 liters)
2 Bay Leaves
3 bay leaves cut in half
1 tbsp Olive Oil
1 cup (tea) or 250 ml olive oil 
1 Onion, chopped
8 to 10 large onions, sliced thin more or less
1 Garlic Clove, crushed
8 cloves garlic, minced 
1 Capsicum (Sweet Pepper), thinly sliced
2 large Tomatoes, chopped
1 tbsp Plain Flour
¾ cup (tea) or 100 g of wheat flour 
25g/1oz Butter
½ cup (tea) or 100 g butter 
450g/1lb Mashed Potato
potatoes (about 1.5 kg)
1 heaped tbsp Freshly chopped Parsley
chopped parsley to taste
nutmeg to taste
100 g grated Parmesan cheese, for grating
4 bouillon cubes cod
300 to 400 g of fresh cream
Recipe 1: 
1. Place the saltfish in a saucepan together with the milk and bay leaves, bring to simmering point then cook gently for about 15 minutes. 
2. Preheat the oven to 200C, 400F, gas Mark 6. Heat the oil in a frying pan, add the onion, garlic and pepper and sauté for 5 minutes, stirring from time to time, until softened. 
3. Add the tomatoes and continue to sauté, stirring occasionally, for a further 5 minutes. Set aside. 
4. Once cooked, remove the fish from the milk with a slotted spoon (reserving the milk), remove any bones and skin and flake into bite-sized pieces. Set aside. 
5. In a clean saucepan, melt the butter and then stir in flour and cook , over a medium heat, stirring, for 1 minute. 
6. Reduce the heat to low then add the reserved milk a little at a time, stirring well between each addition. Bring to boil, stirring constantly then remove from the heat and stir in the fresh parsley and the fish. 
7. Spread the onion mixture in the bottom of an oven proof casserole dish, pour in the fish mixture then spread the mashed potato evenly over the top. 
8. Cook in the oven for 20 minutes until browned on top. Serve immediately. 
Recipe 2
Divide the cod into coarse flakes. Add half the chopped garlic and parsley and mix. Cover with milk for more hot to warm and let rest for 30 minutes to fluff up well (it will not fire for cooking).
Cook the potatoes in medium slices, using the stock of cod. Reserve.
Heat the olive oil, sliced onion, remaining garlic and bay leaves, and saute until the onion is translucent and soft. Reserve.
Remove cod from milk and squeeze gently to remove excess liquid (reserve only 1 liter of milk for the bechamel).
Heat butter over low heat, add flour and stir constantly until the butter to incorporate all the flour. Remove from heat and stir slowly, always stirring, 800 ml to 1 liter of milk reserved. Check the salt and correct if necessary. Return to heat and cook, stirring constantly, until boiling and thicken. Season with nutmeg grated and set aside.
Beat the cream until it is medium-bodied (before the point of whipped cream).
Tip: If you prefer a lighter dish, mix 1 / 3 of the bechamel sauce with whipped cream. Otherwise, use 500 g of fresh cream and mix after beating, with all the béchamel.
At the bottom of an ovenproof wide (the wider the better), make a layer about 1 / 3 of the sautéed onions.
Cover with a layer of potato slices (about 1 / 3).
Over the potatoes, make a layer about 1 / 3 of the slivers of cod.
Cover the cod with half the bechamel sauce pure (if you chose to mix the whole with béchamel cream, put only 1 / 3).
Repeat the sequence of layers by more than 2 times (the last layer is the cream mixture and bechamel).
Finally, sprinkle the grated cheese.
Take the refractory in the oven preheated (180 C) and let gratin for 20 to 30 minutes (no more).
Note: Can be made only two layers. If so, use half the cream in each.
Compromise
300g/11oz Salted Cod
300ml/10fl.oz. Milk
2 Bay Leaves
1 tbsp Olive Oil
2 medium Onion, chopped
1.5 Garlic Clove, crushed
1 tbsp Plain Flour
25g/1oz Butter
450g/1lb Mashed Potato
1 heaped tbsp Freshly chopped Parsley
nutmeg to taste
little bit of parmesan for the top
Cook the potatoes in the stock, and mash, adding salt, pepper, nutmeg. Reserve
Divide the cod into chunks. Add half the chopped garlic and parsley and mix, then cover with hot milk and let rest for 30 minutes to fluff up well.
Heat the olive oil, sliced onion, remaining garlic and bay leaves, and saute until the onion is translucent and soft. Reserve.
Remove cod from milk and squeeze gently to remove excess liquid.  Reserve milk for the bechamel.
Make Bechamel using butter, flour and milk.
Butter Caserole, then add onion mix, fish, bechamel, potatoes, cheese and give 20 minutes at 200C